RDFlib (#521)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/auradb/importing/importing-data.adoc

[NOTE]
====
You must provide your AuraDB instance password before importing from the Neo4j Data Importer.
====

== RDFlib 

RDFLib is a link:https://neo4j.com/labs/[Neo4j Labs] project that enables the import of RDF data, including JSON-LD, to Aura via a Python library.

> (Please note: This is a labs project, not fully supported by Neo4j engineering, and may become outdated over time.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
This is a Labs project and, therefore, not fully supported by Neo4j.
It may become outdated over time.
====
```

The library is available at link:https://github.com/neo4j-labs/rdflib-neo4j[GitHub - neo4j-labs/rdflib-neo4j: RDFLib Store backed by neo4j + n10s]

> Read more about it in the blog post: link:https://medium.com/neo4j/rdflib-neo4j-a-new-era-in-rdf-integration-for-neo4j-dac9fbf93cee[Rdflib-Neo4j: A New Era in RDF Integration for Neo4j]

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
We don't link to blog posts from docs.
